<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en" lang="en" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">

<head>
	<title>Glossary</title>
	<meta charset="utf-8" />
	<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../css/base.css" />
</head>

<body>
	<section role="doc-glossary" aria-labelledby="gloss-hd">
		<h1 id="gloss-hd">Glossary</h1>
		<dl>
  <dt id="algorithm">Algorithm</dt>
  <dd>A step-by-step procedure for solving a problem or accomplishing a task.</dd>

  <dt id="database">Database</dt>
  <dd>An organized collection of structured information, typically stored electronically in a computer system.</dd>

  <dt id="compiler">Compiler</dt>
  <dd>A program that translates code written in a high-level programming language into machine code that a computer can execute.</dd>

  <dt id="debugging">Debugging</dt>
  <dd>The process of identifying and removing errors (bugs) from computer hardware or software.</dd>

  <dt id="encryption">Encryption</dt>
  <dd>The process of converting information or data into a secret code to prevent unauthorized access.</dd>

  <dt id="firewall">Firewall</dt>
  <dd>A network security system that monitors and controls incoming and outgoing network traffic based on predetermined security rules.</dd>

  <dt id="hardware">Hardware</dt>
  <dd>The physical components of a computer system, such as the central processing unit (CPU), memory, and peripherals.</dd>

  <dt id="kernel">Kernel</dt>
  <dd>The core component of an operating system that manages the system's resources and provides services to other software.</dd>

  <dt id="latency">Latency</dt>
  <dd>The delay before a transfer of data begins following an instruction for its transfer.</dd>

  <dt id="protocol">Protocol</dt>
  <dd>A set of rules governing the format and transmission of data in a communication network.</dd>
</dl></section>
</body>

</html>