<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en" lang="en" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">

<head>
    <title>Reading History Navigation Tests</title>
    <meta charset="utf-8" />
    <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../css/base.css" />
</head>

<body>
    <div role="doc-pagebreak" aria-label="page 5" id="pg5">5</div>
    <h1>Reading History Navigation Tests</h1>

    <p>In this section we will be examining the go-back or history function in reading systems. It is the task of the
        reading system to keep track, as best it can, of your reading location. When the reader navigates to another
        location, the reading system should store the reading position to enable the user to return to that location.
    </p>

    <p>When reporting your results in the notes field, please explain your experience. You may be in scrolling mode,
        which makes it mor difficult for the reading system to know your reading position. It may be that you are
        following a link, which means the reading system should be able to identify the exact location to return to.
        Other functions, like go to page or starting a search can be initiated anywhere in the content. In this case the
        reading system should track the last known position, probably the first element in the viewport. If using a
        screen reader with a virtual buffer, there may be mechanisms to tell the reading system where you are. These
        techniques should be tested and reported in the notes.</p>
    <section id="history-010" class="test">
        <h2><span class="test-id">history-010</span> <span class="test-title">Four single follow link and return
                tests</span></h2>
        <p class="desc">This test involves four parts. It tests going to a footnote, and then returning, and the same
            process for an end note, a glossary entry, and a bibliographic reference. A reading system may have a pop-up
            for footnotes and/or endnotes, and the way to return may be to escape or dismiss. Note if this behavior is
            used.</p>
        <div class="steps">
            <h3>Steps</h3>
            <ol>
                <li>Follow the link to the footnote. <a href="#fn1" role="doc-noteref"
                        epub:type="noteref"><sup>1</sup></a>.</li>
                <li> Return here using the go back function.</li>
                <li>Follow the link to the end note. <a href="endnotes.xhtml#en1" role="doc-noteref"
                        epub:type="noteref"><sup>2</sup></a>.</li>
                <li> Return using the go back function.</li>

                <li>Follow the link to the glossary reference. <dfn><a href="glossary.xhtml#database"
                            role="doc-glossref">database</a></dfn>.</li>
                <li> Return to this location using the go back function.</li>
                <li>Follow the link to the bibliographic reference. <a href="bibliography.xhtml#book6"><em>A Collection
                            of Important Writings</em></a>.</li>
                <li> Return to this location using the go back function.</li>
            </ol>

            <p>If all four of the links through the book are traversed and the reading system's go back function or
                dismiss pop-up returns to this location each time, the test passes. Note any issues encountered.</p>
        </div>

        <p class="eval">Indicate Pass or Fail.</p>
        <p class="sample-text">Filler paragraph. The history of whaling in Maui is a significant chapter in the island's past, primarily
            centered around the town of Lahaina. During the 19th century, particularly between the 1820s and 1860s,
            Lahaina became one of the busiest and most important whaling ports in the Pacific. Hundreds of whaling ships
            would anchor in its waters, seeking to replenish supplies and offload their valuable cargo of whale oil and
            baleen. This lucrative industry brought both prosperity and profound cultural shifts to Maui. While it
            provided economic opportunities, it also led to clashes between the rough-and-tumble whalers and the more
            conservative Hawaiian missionaries and chiefs. The decline of whaling in the latter half of the 19th century
            was due to several factors, including the discovery of petroleum, the decimation of whale populations, and
            the American Civil War, ultimately leading to the industry's demise in Maui and marking a transition for the
            island's economy.</p>
    </section>

    <section id="history-020" class="test">
        <h2><span class="test-id">history-020</span> <span class="test-title">Return after a search</span></h2>
        <p class="desc">This test determines if the reading system's search function supports the go back function.
            Ideally, the go back function avoids taking the user to the search box, i.e. you do the search and return
            directly to this location.</p>
        <div class="steps">
            <h3>Steps</h3>
            <ol>
                <li>Search for "Apollo 13" and go to the second instance of this search term in the "sample text"
                    chapter.</li>
                <li>Using the go back function, return to this location. Note if the go back function took you directly
                    back to this location or if it to you to the search dialogue.</li>

            </ol>

            <p>The test passes if you can go directly back to this approximate location from the chapter containing the
                search term you entered. Explain where it returned you to, e.g., the exact paragraph or somewhere on the
                page.</p>
        </div>

        <p class="eval">Indicate Pass or Fail.</p>
        <p class="sample-text"> Filler paragraph. Flathead Lake, located in beautiful Northwest Montana, is a true gem of the American West.
            Fed by the Flathead River, it proudly holds the title of the largest natural freshwater lake west of the
            Great Lakes. Its pristine waters stretch for nearly 30 miles, offering breathtaking views of the surrounding
            mountains and providing endless opportunities for recreation, from boating and fishing to swimming and
            paddleboarding. Beyond its stunning natural beauty, the lake's shores are renowned for their orchards,
            particularly the famous Flathead cherries, which ripen in mid-summer and are a highly anticipated local
            delicacy.</p>

    </section>

    <section id="history-030" class="test">
        <div role="doc-pagebreak" aria-label="page 10" id="pg10">10</div>

        <h2><span class="test-id">history-030</span> <span class="test-title">Return after go to page</span></h2>
        <p class="desc">This test determines if the Go to page function supports go back functionality. </p>
        <div class="steps">
            <h3>Steps</h3>
            <ol>
                <li>Use the go to page function in the reading system and navigate to page 20.</li>
                <li> After reading some text, use the go back function to return to this location. Note if the go back
                    function took you to the go to page dialogue before returning to this location.</li>

            </ol>

            <p>The test passes if you are returned to this approximate location without going through the go to page
                function. Explain the location you returned to.</p>
        </div>
        <p class="eval">Indicate Pass or Fail.</p>
        <p class="sample-text"> Filler Paragraph. Nestled in the heart of Montana's Swan Valley, Seeley Lake offers a picturesque escape,
            its clear waters reflecting the surrounding peaks. The lake is a gateway to outdoor adventure, from kayaking
            and fishing to hiking and wildlife viewing. A significant tributary to Seeley Lake is the Clearwater River,
            a beautiful and winding waterway that eventually flows into the legendary Blackfoot River. The Blackfoot, in
            turn, gained widespread fame from Norman Maclean's novella "A River Runs Through It," later adapted into an
            acclaimed film starring Robert Redford, further cementing the river's iconic status in fly-fishing lore and
            Montana's natural heritage.</p>
    </section>

    <section id="history-040" class="test">
        <h2><span class="test-id">history-040</span> <span class="test-title">Using nav TOC to move and return</span>
        </h2>
        <p class="desc">This test determines if the reading system built in TOC, i.e., using the nav doc is excluded
            from the history list.</p>
        <div class="steps">
            <h3>Steps</h3>
            <ol>
                <li>Use the reading systems utility to review the items in the nav doc. Note this is not the
                    "Contents"that is listed in the spine. Select the "sample Text" chapter and go there and read some
                    content.</li>
                <li> Use the go back function to return to this location. Note if the go back function takes you to the
                    nav doc or if if it returns you directly to this location.</li>

            </ol>
            <p>The test passes if the go back function avoids the nav doc display and returns you to this approximate
                location. Explain where you were returned to.</p>
        </div>
        <p class="eval">Indicate Pass or Fail.</p>
        <p class="sample-text">Filler paragraph. John Muir, a name synonymous with American conservation, experienced a life-altering event
            early in his career. While working in a machine shop, a tragic accident involving a tool slipping and
            piercing his eye left him completely blind. During this period of darkness and uncertainty, Muir made a
            solemn vow: if he ever regained his sight, he would dedicate his life to exploring and appreciating the
            natural world, rather than pursuing industrial endeavors. Miraculously, his vision did return, and true to
            his promise, Muir embarked on extensive explorations throughout the American West. He journeyed through
            California's Sierra Nevada mountains, walked across vast stretches of wilderness, and became a tireless
            advocate for the preservation of natural landscapes, ultimately playing a pivotal role in the establishment
            of national parks like Yosemite.</p>
    </section>
    <section id="history-050" class="test">
        <h2><span class="test-id">history-050</span> <span class="test-title">Multiple items in the history</span></h2>
        <p class="desc">This test identifies how many items can be stored in the history list.</p>
        <div class="steps">
            <h3>Steps</h3>
            <ol>
                <li>Use the nav document to go to the "Contents". This is an in-spine TOC and it it explains clearly
                    that it is not a nav doc control.</li>
                <li>Then scroll down to the index and go there.</li>
                <li>Then select the link to front matter and activate the link.</li>
                <li>Then use the go back function to return to the index and activate the link to the introduction.</li>
                <li>Finally, use the go back function to get back to this location. Note how many go back steps the
                    reading system supports.</li>
            </ol>

            <p>The test passes if you get back to this approximate location. The history should keep track of all jumps
                to different locations. Only the TOC from the nav doc should not be included. Describe your experience.
            </p>
        </div>
        <p class="eval">Indicate Pass or Fail.</p>
        <p class="sample-text">filler paragraph. John Wesley Powell, a prominent figure in American exploration, served as a Union artillery
            officer during the Civil War, where he notably lost his right arm at the Battle of Shiloh. Despite this
            profound injury, Powell embarked on a daring expedition to explore the uncharted Colorado River in 1869,
            leading a team in small, specially constructed wooden boats. This perilous journey presented immense
            challenges, as his crew battled treacherous rapids, endured the loss of a boat and vital supplies at a place
            they aptly named "Disaster Falls," and faced dwindling provisions and internal strife. Three of his men,
            fearing they would not survive the river's dangers, ultimately abandoned the expedition and were never seen
            again. Nevertheless, Powell and the remaining members persevered, ultimately completing the first recorded
            passage of white men through the entirety of the Grand Canyon, providing invaluable scientific data and the
            first detailed descriptions of this previously unexplored region.</p>
    </section>
    <aside id="fn1" role="doc-footnote">
        <p>1. This is the footnote you should get to. Use the go back function in your reading system to return to the
            exact location.</p>
    </aside>

</body>

</html>