<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en" lang="en" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">

<head>
    <title>Sample text</title>
    <meta charset="utf-8" />
    <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../css/base.css" />
</head>

<body>
    <section class="sample-text">
        <h1>Sample text</h1>
        <p>Apollo 13, launched on April 11, 1970, with the ambitious goal of landing astronauts on the Moon's Fra Mauro
            formation. The crew, consisting of Commander James Lovell, Lunar Module Pilot Fred Haise, and Command Module
            Pilot Jack Swigert, embarked on what was initially a routine mission. However, approximately 56 hours into
            the flight, disaster struck. An oxygen tank in the service module exploded, crippling the spacecraft and
            leaving the crew with limited power, oxygen, and water. The mission's objective instantly shifted from lunar
            landing to survival and safe return to Earth.</p>

        <div role="doc-pagebreak" aria-label="page 20" id="pg20">20</div>

        <p>Facing daunting odds and relying on the ingenuity of both the astronauts and mission control in Houston, a
            remarkable recovery effort unfolded. The crew moved into the Lunar Module, "Aquarius," using it as a
            lifeboat. Navigating by hand and improvising solutions with available materials, they executed critical
            maneuvers, including a slingshot around the Moon to alter their trajectory back to Earth. After days of
            intense struggle and innovation, the battered Apollo 13 spacecraft splashed down safely in the Pacific Ocean
            on April 17, 1970, a testament to human resilience and the power of teamwork in the face of extreme
            adversity.</p>
    </section>
    <section>
        <div role="doc-pagebreak" aria-label="page 30" id="pg30">30</div>
        <h2>The Movie</h2>
        <p>The 1995 film <i>Apollo 13</i>, directed by Ron Howard and starring Tom Hanks, Bill Paxton, Kevin Bacon, Gary
            Sinise, and Ed Harris, is a gripping and largely accurate dramatization of the ill-fated 1970 lunar mission.
            Tom Hanks, as astronaut Jim Lovell, delivers a performance that anchors the emotional core of the film,
            portraying Lovell's calm leadership and unwavering determination in the face of near-catastrophe. The movie
            expertly builds tension as the mission shifts from routine to a desperate fight for survival after an oxygen
            tank explosion cripples the spacecraft.</p>

        <p>What truly sets <i>Apollo 13</i> apart is its commitment to realism and technical accuracy. Howard and his
            team meticulously recreated the spacecraft, mission control, and the procedures involved, often using actual
            NASA footage and consulting with the real Jim Lovell and other mission personnel. This dedication to detail
            immerses the audience in the harrowing experience, making them feel as though they are right alongside the
            astronauts in the cramped and freezing command module, or frantically working to solve complex problems in
            mission control. The film showcases the ingenuity and perseverance of the NASA engineers and flight
            controllers, highlighting their critical role in bringing the crew home safely.</p>

        <p>Beyond the technical marvels, <i>Apollo 13</i> is a powerful story about human resilience and teamwork. It
            emphasizes the collaborative effort required to overcome seemingly insurmountable obstacles, both in space
            and on Earth. The film beautifully captures the pressure and anxiety experienced by the astronauts'
            families, adding a crucial emotional layer to the narrative. The iconic line, "Houston, we have a problem,"
            has become synonymous with unexpected crises, a testament to the film's lasting cultural impact and its
            ability to condense a complex, real-life event into a compelling cinematic experience.</p>
    </section>

</body>

</html>