<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en" lang="en">

<head>
  <title>Introduction</title>
  <meta charset="utf-8" />
  <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../css/base.css" />
</head>

<body>
  <section>
    <h1>Introduction</h1>
    <section>
      <h2>Status of this Document</h2>
      <p>This publication is currently considered <span class="status">[stable]</span> by the DAISY Consortium and is in support of the efforts of the W3C EPUB 3 Community Group.</p>
      <p>This publication is one of several that comprise the EPUB 3 Accessibility Test Suite.</p>
    </section>
    <section>
      <h2>About this Document</h2>
      <p>This document contains tests which are fundamental to the accessibility of Reading Systems for users with disabilities. This is one test book in a suite of EPUBs for testing accessibility; the other books cover additional fundamental tests
        as well as advanced tests.</p>
      <p>A reading system with fundamental accessibility should support reading by eyes, ears or fingers. This means it should be possible for users to read the content of this document by:</p>
      <ul>
        <li>adjusting the display, such as adjusting font size and color combination</li>
        <li>reading the text with screen readers and read aloud</li>
        <li>reading the text with a refreshable Braille display</li>
      </ul>
    </section>
    <section>
      <h2>Conventions</h2>
      <p>The following conventions are used throughout the document:</p>
      <p>The test labels include an ID such as file-010. These test IDs correspond to the entries in the accessibility evaluation forms on www.epubtest.org</p>
    </section>
    <section>
      <h2>Performing the tests </h2>
      <p>The Reading Systems will be evaluated by various testers using different combinations of platforms and assistive technologies. There will be different sets of test results for each combination. Testers may perform the tests given in this
        book using keyboard, mouse or touch/gestures as input. For output testers may use audio (via screen reader and/or read aloud), visual adjustments or refreshable Braille.</p>
      <p>Each test includes a description of its purpose followed by the actual test statement, which can be evaluated to pass or fail.</p>
      <p>The result of each test should be recorded in the corresponding field in the form on the website. Comments are very helpful, and should be noted in the space provided in the online form.</p>

    </section>
  </section>
</body>

</html>
