<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html >
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
	<head>
		<link
			rel="stylesheet"
			type="text/css"
			href="../css/base.css" />
		<title>epub test suite</title>
		<meta
			charset="utf-8" />
	</head>
	<body> <h1
			id="MOA-1">Basic Tests</h1> <section
			id="MOA-BASIC-010"
			class="otest"><h2
				id="tobi_h_11"><span
					class="nature"
					id="tobi_h_14">[FUNDAMENTAL]</span> <span
					class="test-id"
					id="tobi_h_15">MOA-BASIC-010</span> <span
					id="MOA-2-1">Media Overlays Playback</span></h2> <p
				class="desc"
				id="MOA-1-67">Tests whether playback of Media Overlays is supported.</p> <p
				id="MOA-3"
				class="eval">If users can get information that playback is available after this page has been rendered, and if playback can be started and paused with assistive technology, then this test passes. </p> </section> <section
			id="MOA-BASIC-020"
			class="otest"><h2
				id="tobi_h_12"><span
					class="nature"
					id="tobi_h_16">[FUNDAMENTAL]</span> <span
					class="test-id"
					id="tobi_h_17">MOA-BASIC-020</span> <span
					id="MOA-4"> Pause and resume from the same position, without closing the book</span></h2> <p
				class="desc"
				id="MOA-6-41-3">Tests whether media overlay playback resumes at correct location after pause</p> <p
				id="MOA-15-2"
				class="eval">Pause the media overlay playback and note the last read position. Now start media overlay playback again and if playback starts at the last read location the test passes.</p> </section> <section
			id="MOA-BASIC-030"
			class="otest"><h2
				id="tobi_h_13"><span
					class="nature"
					id="tobi_h_18">[FUNDAMENTAL]</span> <span
					class="test-id"
					id="tobi_h_19">MOA-BASIC-030</span> <span
					id="MOA-14">Resume playback from last position on opening a book </span></h2> <p
				class="desc"
				id="MOA-6-41-1">Tests whether playback resumes even when the book is closed and opened again. </p> <p
				id="MOA-15-1"
				class="eval">Pause media overlay playback, note the last read position and close the reading system. Open this book again in reading system and note the playback start position. If playback resumes at the last read position, the test passes.</p> </section> </body>
</html>