<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html >
<html
	xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
	<head>
		<link
			rel="stylesheet"
			type="text/css"
			href="../css/base.css" />
		<title>EPUB 3.0 Compliance Test Suite</title>
		<meta
			charset="utf-8" />
	</head>
	<body
		id="tobi_h_1"> <section> <h1
				id="tobi_h_2">EPUB 3 Conformance Test Document: Media Overlay Fundamental Accessibility Tests 0301</h1> <section> <h2
					id="tobi_h_3">Abstract</h2> <p>This document focuses on testing accessibility of an EPUB3 file with audio media overlays. </p> </section> <h2
				id="tobi_h_4">Status of this Document</h2> <p>This publication is currently considered <span
					class="status">[stable]</span> by the IDPF and DAISY Consortium.</p> <p>Before using this publication to evaluate reading systems, testers are strongly encouraged to verify that they have the latest release by checking the current release version and date of the test suite at <a
					href="http://www.epubtest.org/">www.epubtest.org</a></p> <p>This publication is one of several that will comprise the EPUB 3 Accessibility Test Suite for reflowable content. </p> </section> <section> <h2
				id="tobi_h_5">About this Document</h2> <p>This document contains tests which are fundamental to accessibility of the Reading System for users with disabilities when using an EPUB 3 with media overlays. The advanced tests are contained in a separate document. </p> <p>The Reading Systems should be evaluated using different combinations of assistive technology and all the tests given in this book should be performed. It is expected that an accessible Reading System will pass all the tests given in this book regardless of the input and output mediums used in testing. Testers may perform the tests given in this book using keyboard, mouse or touch/gestures as input and screen reader/self voicing, visual adjustments or Braille as output.</p> </section> <section> <h2
				id="tobi_h_6">Conventions</h2> <p>The following conventions are used throughout the document:</p> <p>All tests in this document are preceded by the label [FUNDAMENTAL] indicating that the test is fundamental to establish accessibility of the Reading System.</p> <p>The test labels are followed by ID such as MOA-BASIC-010. These test IDs correspond to the entries in the form on www.epubtest.org for accessibility evaluation. </p> </section> <section> <h2
				id="tobi_h_7">Performing the tests </h2> <p>The result of each test in this book should be recorded in the corresponding field in the form on the website and comments if any should be noted in the space provided in the online form. </p> </section> </body>
</html>