<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html >
<html xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops"
	xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
	<head>
		<link
			rel="stylesheet"
			type="text/css"
			href="../css/base.css" />
		<title>epub test suite</title>
		<meta
			charset="utf-8" />
	</head>
	<body> <p><span
				epub:type="pagebreak"
				id="page1">1</span></p> <h1
			id="MOA-1">Navigation Tests</h1> <section
			id="MOA-NAV-010"
			class="otest"><h2
				id="tobi_h_20"><span
					class="nature"
					id="tobi_h_29">[FUNDAMENTAL]</span> <span
					class="test-id"
					id="tobi_h_30">MOA-NAV-010</span> <span
					id="MOA-NAV-010-1">Previous/Next Phrase</span></h2> <p
				class="desc"
				id="MOA-1-8">Tests whether previous/next phrase navigation is supported.</p> <p
				id="MOA-NAV-010-2">While Media Overlays (MO) are playing, use the next/previous phrase navigation control/command in the reading system with assistive technology to move through the next three paragraphs. The paragraph 1 below is one audio phrase. The sentence 1 in the next paragraph is also a single audio phrase. In sentence 2 each word is a separate audio phrase. Sentence 3 and paragraph 3 are also separate audio phrases. </p> <p
				id="MOA-NAV-010-3">This is paragraph 1.</p> <p
				id="divided-paragraph"> <span
					id="MOA-NAV-010-4">This is sentence 1 within paragraph 2.</span> <span
					id="divided-sentence"> <span
						id="MOA-NAV-010-5">This</span> <span
						id="MOA-NAV-010-6">sentence 2</span> <span
						id="MOA-NAV-010-7">is</span> <span
						id="MOA-1-46">divided</span> <span
						id="MOA-NAV-010-8">into</span> <span
						id="MOA-NAV-010-9">individual</span> <span
						id="MOA-NAV-010-10">words.</span> </span> <span
					id="MOA-NAV-010-11">This is sentence number 3. </span> </p> <p
				id="MOA-NAV-010-12">This is paragraph 3.</p> <p
				class="eval"
				id="MOA-2-61">If previous/next phrase navigation plays media overlay at the level of sentences and words as described above, then the reading system supports media overlay playback at the granularity of audio phrases and this test passes.</p> </section> <section
			id="MOA-NAV-020"
			class="otest"><h2
				id="tobi_h_21"><span
					class="nature"
					id="tobi_h_31">[FUNDAMENTAL]</span> <span
					class="test-id"
					id="tobi_h_32">MOA-NAV-020</span> <span
					id="MOA-2">Navigate to previous section </span></h2> <p
				class="desc"
				id="MOA-3-27-9">Tests whether navigation to previous section is supported.</p> <p
				id="MOA-3-9">Use any available control/command to move to the previous section. If playback starts at the section "[FUNDAMENTAL] MOA-NAV-010 Previous/Next Phrase" automatically or on using the Play control/command, the test passes.</p></section> <section
			id="MOA-NAV-030"
			class="otest"><h2
				id="tobi_h_22"><span
					class="nature"
					id="tobi_h_33">[FUNDAMENTAL]</span> <span
					class="test-id"
					id="tobi_h_34">MOA-NAV-030</span> <span
					id="MOA-2-1">Navigate to next section </span></h2> <p
				class="desc"
				id="MOA-3-27-1">Tests whether navigation to next section is supported.</p> <p
				id="MOA-3-1">Use any available control/command to move to the next section. If playback starts at the beginning of the section "[FUNDAMENTAL] MOA-NAV-040 Navigate with pagelist" automatically or on using the Play control/command, the test passes. </p></section> <p><span
				epub:type="pagebreak"
				id="page2">2</span></p> <section
			id="MOA-NAV-040"
			class="otest"><h2
				id="tobi_h_23"><span
					class="nature"
					id="tobi_h_35">[FUNDAMENTAL]</span> <span
					class="test-id"
					id="tobi_h_36">MOA-NAV-040</span> <span
					id="MOA-2-8">Navigate with pagelist</span></h2> <p
				class="desc"
				id="MOA-3-27">Tests whether navigation to pages is possible using the page list or go to page feature.</p> <p
				id="MOA-3">Use the "Page list" or the "Go to page" option to move to page 3. This EPUB file contains 6 hard coded page breaks also called Ink page break list. Note that these page breaks are different from the reflowed pages. If media overlay starts at page 3 automatically or on using the Play control/command, the test passes. </p></section> <section
			id="MOA-NAV-050"
			class="otest"><h2
				id="tobi_h_24"><span
					class="nature"
					id="tobi_h_37">[FUNDAMENTAL]</span> <span
					class="test-id"
					id="tobi_h_38">MOA-NAV-050</span> <span
					id="MOA-2-2">Move to next page</span></h2> <p
				class="desc"
				id="MOA-3-27-2">Tests whether navigation to next reflowed page is supported when media overlay is playing.</p> <p
				id="MOA-3-2">While Media Overlays (MO) are playing, use the next page control/command in the reading system to move to the next page. If media overlay starts reading the new page, this test passes. </p> </section> <section
			id="MOA-NAV-060"
			class="otest"><h2
				id="tobi_h_25"><span
					class="nature"
					id="tobi_h_39">[FUNDAMENTAL]</span> <span
					class="test-id"
					id="tobi_h_40">MOA-NAV-060</span> <span
					id="MOA-2-3">Move to previous page</span></h2> <p
				class="desc"
				id="MOA-3-27-4">Tests whether navigation to previous reflowed page is supported when media overlay is playing.</p> <p
				id="MOA-3-4">While Media Overlays (MO) are playing, use the previous page control/command in the reading system to move to the previous page. If media overlay starts reading the new page, this test passes. </p> </section> <p><span
				epub:type="pagebreak"
				id="page3">3</span></p> <section
			id="MOA-NAV-070"
			class="otest"><h2
				id="tobi_h_26"><span
					class="nature"
					id="tobi_h_41">[FUNDAMENTAL]</span> <span
					class="test-id"
					id="tobi_h_42">MOA-NAV-070</span> <span
					id="MOA-2-4">Text and media overlay synchronization </span></h2> <p
				class="desc"
				id="MOA-3-27-6">Tests whether media overlay is synchronized with text display. </p> <p
				id="MOA-3-6">While Media Overlays (MO) are playing, perform the following steps:</p> <ol
				id="tobi_h_43"><li
					id="tobi_h_44">Move to the next section titled "[FUNDAMENTAL] MOA-NAV-080 Set and navigate to bookmarks"</li><li
					id="tobi_h_45">Stop media overlay playback </li><li
					id="tobi_h_46">Check the highlighted text on the screen. If a Magnifier is being used for evaluation, check the text in the Magnifier focus. If a Screen Reader is being used for evaluation, listen to the screen reader voice to determine the highlighted text. On Reading Systems without screen, the in-built TTS can be used to read the text of the book. </li></ol> <p
				id="tobi_h_47">If the media overlay playback matches the highlighted text, the test passes. </p> </section> <section
			id="MOA-NAV-080"
			class="otest"><h2
				id="tobi_h_27"><span
					class="nature"
					id="tobi_h_48">[FUNDAMENTAL]</span> <span
					class="test-id"
					id="tobi_h_49">MOA-NAV-080</span> <span
					id="MOA-2-6">Set and navigate to bookmarks</span></h2> <p
				class="desc"
				id="MOA-3-27-7">Tests whether bookmarks can be set and navigated to while media overlay is playing. </p> <p
				id="MOA-3-7">While Media Overlays (MO) are playing, set a bookmark at this location (Screen reader users may pause the playback, if they find it difficult to listen to the playback along with the screen reader voice). Then use the TOC to navigate away from this location e.g. choose the section "Basic Tests" in the TOC to move to it. Then use the bookmark list or "go to bookmark" feature in the reading system to move to the bookmark just set by you. If media overlay playback starts at the correct location, this test passes. </p> </section> <section
			id="MOA-NAV-090"
			class="otest"><h2
				id="tobi_h_28"><span
					class="nature"
					id="tobi_h_50">[FUNDAMENTAL]</span> <span
					class="test-id"
					id="tobi_h_51">MOA-NAV-090</span> <span
					id="MOA-2-7">Section Navigation - TOC</span></h2> <p
				class="desc"
				id="MOA-3-27-8">Tests whether navigation to a new section is supported.</p> <p
				id="MOA-3-8">Go to the table of contents and select "Section Navigation, Part 2" from the list. If playback begins or can be started on the destination page, starting from "Section Navigation, Part 2", the test passes.</p> </section></body>
</html>