<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en">

<head>
    <title>Introduction to Extended Description Testing </title>
    <meta name="charset" content="utf-8" />
    <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../Styles/base.css" />
    <link href="../Styles/styles.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" />
</head>

<body>
<h1>Introduction to Extended Descriptions</h1>

<p>Many types of constructs in HTML require additional information to be used effectively by persons with disabilities. The term commonly used is "extended descriptions." Images are most frequently identified as needing extended descriptions, but other constructs may also use this technique.</p>

<p>Images fall into several categories, and those that are merely decorative do not need to be presented to the user who is blind. Some images are adequately described in the surrounding text or in a caption and require no alternative (alt) text. Other images can briefly be described and "alt text" is normally used. However, some images that convey a great deal of information require extended descriptions.</p>

<p>In this Extended Description Test EPUB, we will look at a range of techniques to present extended descriptions. We believe that the results from these tests will be very helpful to publishers and others producing content. In addition, developers of all kinds of reading systems, including reading apps and reading devices, who want to create a great reading experience will benefit. It should be noted that reading systems extend to reading in browsers such as Readium or Microsoft's Edge, on platforms such as iBooks or the Amazon Kindle, in specialized software such as Voice Dream Reader, or in hardware devices such as the Victor Stream or a Kindle reader.</p>

<p> Over the years features have been added to HTML and to ARIA (Accessible Rich Internet Applications) to provide the functionality to read extended descriptions. Some of the HTML constructs are new and our ongoing testing will show their adoption in reading systems and with assistive technology. In HTML, the introduction of the <code>details</code> element with its <code>summary</code> element allows more information to be added. The summary provides a short description and this can be expanded. Normally the expanded feature is shown with a button that expands and collapses. A new ARIA attribute introduced in ARIA 1.1 is <code>aria-details</code>, which Assistive Technology will eventually recognize and provide an easy way to get to the extended description. However, currently <code>aria-details</code> is not supported properly; consequently we will also test a fallback mechanism of normal linking to get to the extended description.</p>
<p>It is important to point out that publishers may choose not to clutter the page with extended descriptions. This is why we will test mechanisms to expand descriptions or to move them to the end of a chapter, and provide a way to get back to the correct reading position in the content. This EPUB test title will provide several chapters and each with a specific technique we want to test.</p>

<p>This testing will help us identify the extended description techniques that are supported most widely in reading systems and assistive technology combinations. With this information, we will develop best practices with publishers and also provide feedback to reading system developers for improving accessibility of their products. We will also provide this information to Assistive Technology developers.</p>



<h2>Thank you to the Web Accessibility Initiative for the images we will use</h2>

    <p>The content of these examples comes from
        <a href="https://www.w3.org/WAI/tutorials/images/complex/">Web Accessibility Tutorials</a>
    </p>

<h2> Assistive Technology and Other Techniques for Reading</h2>

<p> In this extended description title, we expect a wide range of Assistive Technology (AT) to be used. In addition we believe in many cases no Assistive Technology will be used.  Instead the reader will rely on native features such as font enlargement and foreground and background changes to help improve the reading experience. Further, read aloud or other technology for presenting the information to users with learning disabilities or dyslexia will be employed. Collectively we refer to this in this title using the phrase "AT and other reading techniques."</p>

<h2> What is in this EPUB?</h2>

<p>There are five more chapters that contain a total of twelve examples. Each example has one or two tests for evaluation and comment. The tests are numbered and correspond to the numbers in the evaluation form.</p>


</body>
</html>
