<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en">

<head>
    <title>Details and summary expanding and collapsing</title>
    <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../Styles/base.css" />
    <link href="../Styles/styles.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" />
</head>

<body>
<h1><code>details</code> and <code>summary</code> expanding and collapsing</h1>

<p>The expanding and collapsing nature of the HTML <code>details</code> element with the <code>summary</code> feature needs to be tested for accessibility. The example we have here is a very large chunk of text with HTML markup. When expanded, it would reflow into several pages. Some reading systems have a scrolling view and others have a paginated view. We want to make sure that this behaves correctly.</p>

<p>The text is a recipe that is a real recipe you could try.</p>

<section id="extdesc-220" class="ftest">
  <h2><span class="test-title">Collapsing and pagination</span><br/><span class="test-id">extdesc-220</span></h2>

  <div class="desc">
    <p>This test passes if the expanded description collapses without leaving space or pages behind. Two conditions must be satisfied:</p>
    <ul>
      <li>On activating the expand/collapse button twice, the description first expands then collapses.</li>
      <li>The extra pages or space created for showing the extended description also collapse, and you are able to read end of chapter header and text just after the expand/collapse button.</li>
    </ul>
    <p>Please repeat this test for paginated view as well as scrolling view, and provide a note about it. Please also include notes about usability of this approach.</p>
  </div>
</section>

<details>
  <summary>Goulash Soup</summary>
<h1>Soups and Stews</h1>

<p>In this chapter I will present the soups and stews that qualify to be called George&#39;s Goulash Soup.  While I have consulted many other recipies, there is no single other recipe that is the basis for my recipies, i.e. these are truly mine. I will also include tips and tricks about cuts of meat and thoughts about freezing.</p>


<h2>George&#39;s Goulash Soup</h2>

<p>While Gail and I traveled in Germany, Austria,  and  Switzerland in the Fall and Winter of 1974, we often found Goulash Soup or sometimes called Humgarian Goulash Soup on the menus. We always had at least a cup and came to love all the variations. I have set out to make my own version of these wonderful dishes.</p>


<div class="listhead" >Ingredients</div>
<p>Note: Measurements in US.</p>
<ul>
<li>2 Tablespoons vegetable oil</li>
<li>3-4 cloves crushed garlic</li>
<li>3-4 lb stew meat cut into sugar cube or smaller size chunks</li>
<li>1 large onion or equivalent amount of leek</li>
<li>2 16 oz cans of beef stock (can substitute bullion cubes and water)</li>
<li>1 16 oz can of Tomato sauce</li>
<li>1 16 oz. can of crushed, stewed, or whole  tomatoes  (if whole, chop)</li>
<li>2 Tablespoons paprika</li>
<li>Lots of black pepper (1/2 Tablespoon)</li>
<li>1/2 Tablespoon chili powder</li>
<li>6 medium carrots cut into sugar cube size or smaller chunks</li>
<li>4 medium potatoes cut into sugar cube size chunks or smaller</li>
<li>2 cups frozen peas</li>
<li>Optional: up to 1/2 cup potato flakes, used to thicken if desired, other thickening is OK (flour or cornstarch)</li>
</ul>
<aside role="doc-tip"> <p>Tip: I normally take a chuck (shoulder roast) or arm roast and remove all bone, fat and sinue to make the stue meat.</p></aside>
<div class="listhead" >Method</div>
<ol>
<li>In large pot, heat over high heat vegetable oil and crushed garlic.  When the garlic is fragrant, add onion or leek, followed by meat. Brown and simmer for 10 to 20 minutes.</li>

<li>Add beef stock, tomatoes, tomato sauce, paprika, pepper, chile powder, and simmer for at least 1 hour over low heat. the soup should just be on a low simmer.</li>

<li>Add carrots, and simmer for 30 minutes  on low. </li>
<li>Add potatoes and simmer for 30 minutes   (potatoes need a higher roll to cook).</li>
<li> Add peas and simmer for 30 minutes or until potatoes, carrots, and peas are soft and perfect!</li>
<li>Thicken with potato flakes (instant mashed potatoes) or other thickening agent, if desired.</li>
</ol>

<p>Serving SUGGESTIONS: Serve with fresh baked bread or rolls. Sour cream may be added at the table.</p>
<aside role="doc-tip"> <p>Deep Freezing: This soup freezes well. I will label a one quart ziplock bag with the name of the soup and date. I will remove any air in the bag and lay on a cookie sheet and place in the deep freezer. I then remove from cookie sheet and position in the deep freezer.</p></aside>


</details>

<h2>This is at the end of the chapter</h2>
<p>This sentence is the last item in this details expansion test.</p>
</body>
</html>
