<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>Math Testbook Introduction</title>
    <meta charset="UTF-8"/>
    <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../Styles/base.css" />
   </head>

  <body>
<h1>Advance Accessibility Tests for Mathematics</h1>
<p>The test book is created by <a href="http://www.daisy.org/">DAISY Consortium</a> and <a href="http://diagramcenter.org/">DIAGRAM Center</a> in the support of the efforts of publishing working group and EPUB 3 Community group of World Wide Web Consortium.</p>

    <h1>Introduction</h1>

        <p>Reading mathematics has always been a problem for persons who are blind, because math is not represented as static text. MathML is a way to encode math for machine processing and presentation, and it has been a W3C Standard for more than 20 years. However, the browsers have only implemented limited support.</p>

        <p>Publishers often use MathML to generate an image of the math expression. Assistive technology can support MathML by converting the expressions to spoken or braille representations. Building on these factors, we have developed some techniques that present math both visually and to assistive technology such as screen readers.</p>
   
        <p>This testing of the techniques in this title will help us identify which are supported most widely in reading system and assistive technology combinations. With this information, we will develop best practices for publishers, feedback to the developers of reading systems and assistive technology products, and help consumers to choose the solutions that will meet their accessibility needs.</p>
      
       <p><b>Note</b>: the same equation will be used for all tests within this testbook: y minus y sub 1 equals StartFraction y sub 2 minus y sub 1 Over x sub 2 minus x sub 1 EndFraction left-parenthesis x minus x sub 1 right-parenthesis.</p>

  </body>
</html>
