<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en" lang="en">
<head>
    <meta charset="utf-8" />
    <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../css/base.css" />
</head>
<body>

    <h1>Annotation Tests</h1>

    <p>Perform and confirm that each of the following tasks is fully keyboard accessible, mouse accessible, and accessible by touch/gestures.</p>
    <section id="add-accessibility">
        <h2>Add a bookmark</h2>

        <section id="anno-010" class="ftest">
            <h3><span class="nature">[FUNDAMENTAL]</span> <span class="test-id">anno-010</span> </h3>
            <p class="desc">Add a bookmark</p>
            <p class="eval">If you can add a bookmark via keyboard, the test passes.</p>
        </section>

        <section id="anno-020" class="ftest">
            <h3><span class="nature">[FUNDAMENTAL]</span> <span class="test-id">anno-020</span> </h3>
            <p class="desc">Add a bookmark</p>
            <p class="eval">If you can add a bookmark via keyboard, via mouse, the test passes.</p>
        </section>

        <section id="anno-030" class="ftest">
            <h3><span class="nature">[FUNDAMENTAL]</span> <span class="test-id">anno-030</span> </h3>
            <p class="desc">Add a bookmark</p>
            <p class="eval">If you can add a bookmark via keyboard, via touch/gestures, the test passes.</p>
        </section>
    </section>

    <section id="view-all">
        <h2>View all notes and bookmarks</h2>

        <section id="anno-110" class="ftest">
            <h3><span class="nature">[FUNDAMENTAL]</span> <span class="test-id">anno-110</span> </h3>
            <p class="desc">View all notes and bookmarks (return to place of reading if desired)</p>
            <p class="eval">If you can view all notes and bookmarks (and return to the place of reading if desired) using a keyboard, the test passes.</p>
        </section>


        <section id="anno-120" class="ftest">
            <h3><span class="nature">[FUNDAMENTAL]</span> <span class="test-id">anno-120</span> </h3>
            <p class="desc">View all notes and bookmarks (return to place of reading if desired)</p>
            <p class="eval">If you can view all notes and bookmarks (and return to the place of reading if desired) via mouse, the test passes.</p>
        </section>

        <section id="anno-130" class="ftest">
            <h3><span class="nature">[FUNDAMENTAL]</span> <span class="test-id">anno-130</span> </h3>
            <p class="desc">View all notes and bookmarks (return to place of reading if desired)</p>
            <p class="eval">If you can view all notes and bookmarks (and return to the place of reading if desired) via touch/gestures, the test passes.</p>
        </section>
    </section>

    <section id="single-note">

        <h2>View Single Note</h2>

        <section id="anno-210" class="ftest">
            <h3><span class="nature">[FUNDAMENTAL]</span> <span class="test-id">anno-210</span> </h3>
            <p class="desc">View a single note (return to the place of reading if desired)</p>
            <p class="eval">If you can view a single note (and return to the place of reading if desired) using a keyboard, the test passes.</p>
        </section>

        <section id="anno-220" class="ftest">
            <h3><span class="nature">[FUNDAMENTAL]</span> <span class="test-id">anno-220</span> </h3>
            <p class="desc">View a single note (return to the place of reading if desired)</p>
            <p class="eval">If you can view a single note (and return to the place of reading if desired) via mouse, the test passes.</p>
        </section>

        <section id="anno-230" class="ftest">
            <h3><span class="nature">[FUNDAMENTAL]</span> <span class="test-id">anno-230</span> </h3>
            <p class="desc">View a single note (return to the place of reading if desired)</p>
            <p class="eval">If you can view a single note (and return to the place of reading if desired) via touch/gestures, the test passes.</p>
        </section>
    </section>

    <section id="add-note">

        <h2>Add a note</h2>

        <section id="anno-310" class="ftest">
            <h3><span class="nature">[FUNDAMENTAL]</span> <span class="test-id">anno-310</span> </h3>
            <p class="desc">Add a note</p>
            <p class="eval">If you can add a note using the keyboard, the test passes.</p>
        </section>

        <section id="anno-320" class="ftest">
            <h3><span class="nature">[FUNDAMENTAL]</span> <span class="test-id">anno-320</span> </h3>
            <p class="desc">Add a note</p>
            <p class="eval">If you can add a note  via mouse, the test passes.</p>
        </section>

        <section id="anno-330" class="ftest">
            <h3><span class="nature">[FUNDAMENTAL]</span> <span class="test-id">anno-330</span> </h3>
            <p class="desc">Add a note</p>
            <p class="eval">If you can add a note  via touch/gestures, the test passes.</p>
        </section>
    </section>

</body>
</html>
